f16,f32,.. don't convert int arrays + handle complex (#2228)
FluxML/Flux.jl: NEWS.md

# Flux Release Notes

## v0.13.16

> * `f16, f32, f64` now preserve integer arrays.
> * `f16, f32, f64` can now handle `Complex` arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `f16, f32, f64` now specifically target floating point arrays (i.e. integers arrays and other types are preserved).
* `f16, f32, f64` can now handle `Complex{<:AbstractFloat}` arrays.
```
